Long ago. in the caves along this cape.
there was a prosperous kingdom
called Romonon.
renowned for its exquisitely crafted
magical works.
They adorned themselves
with magical goldwork
and made little effort
to hide their arrogance.
They looked down on the lands
beyond the caves and their travelers.
seeing them as lesser
and separate from themselves.
As tales of Romonon's wealth
spread far and wide.
more visitors began arriving
from the surface.
To admit only those they deemed worthy.
they built the Serpentback Path.
where only the chosen could pass.
And to ensure that the unworthy
could never reach Romonon.
they carved a labyrinth spell
into the cave.
Romonon grew ever more beautiful
and prosperous.
but more arrogant and isolated as well.
At some point.
the people of Romonon
began judging one another's worth.
Those deemed worthless
were transformed by magic
into the very goldwork
that adorned the city.
Just as stagnant water turns foul.
Romonon. sealed off from the world.
began to decay.
They turned against one another
and grew weary and weak with resentment.
In the end. the kingdom collapsed under
the weight of its own mountains of gold.
All that remained was the Serpentback Path
and the caves.
transformed into a labyrinth.
People can be truly frightening.
How we're so easily capable
of terrible things.
and how few people realize it.
But. Master…
Magic is supposed to make people happy.
isn't it?
It's a power meant to help people
and bring color to the world. right?!
If future witches like you
truly believe that.
then I'm sure…
You're right. It'll all be all right!
Though
this particular spell may have
unfortunate consequences for dinner.
Oh no! It's totally burnt!
Ooh. hot!
If we take off the burnt parts.
it's still edible! Yum!
Magic is a power
meant to bring color to the world…
I hope that's true.
I truly do.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Now. how will you proceed?
I'm only the proctor.
From here on. you're on your own.
ROMONON'S SHADOW
It's twisty.
but there's only one path forward.
This is easy.
I'll just fly and be done with--
Watch out!
You're standing sideways?
Is it your magic?
This is the magic of the path.
The space inside this cave
has been completely warped.
The only correct route on level ground
is along this Serpent's back.
Step off it
and you'll fall into the cave labyrinth
and end up right back at the entrance.
Don't tell me.
these serpent-scale paving stones…
Are they all magic seals?
But some are cracked and crumbled.
That's why I failed the exam
the first time.
I never realized what they were.
The answer is in
the basic magic textbook--
That spell.
Water flows according to gravity.
And on a level surface.
it pools and stays put.
If only the sections where the seals
are still intact are level.
then the spots where water collects
mark the path you can safely walk.
That's exactly right.
Wow. you are from the Arklaum Family.
Even on my second attempt. I wasn't…
The right answer.
The right spell.
The right path.
Being told we can't stray from them.
That's exactly what I hate the most.
Hey. Richelitte.
You're drawing useless spells again.
You'll never become
a proper witch like that.
Why can't you listen
and do as your master says?
Throw these doodles away.
I don't want to.
They're not doodles.
This is my magic.
I don't want to throw myself away.
Which means…
This way. Come on.
I know which path to take.
but the myrphon won't follow me.
Come on!
It's dangerous if you fall. so stay close!
Don't think I'll forgive you
just because you're acting cute.
But
that behavior is the important part.
Myrphons communicate with each other
through their calls.
So when you want them to follow you.
the correct approach is to use
a resonance spell to mimic their call…
Huh?
There's no one right way to do magic.
There are no rules saying
it has to be done a certain way.
The myrphon…
You may have taken this test before.
Euini.
but you keep going on
about the "right answer."
And all that explaining before we even try
is just meddling.
I just want to be myself.
I don't want to be some other witch
that's not me.
That's why I'm going to make it
to the end of this path.
only using my own magic.
But that's impossible.
The world doesn't work that way.
This is an exam. after all.
There has to be a correct answer.
We're still inexperienced.
We're apprentices.
We're just kids.
so we have to follow the textbook.
Or I'll fail again.
I mean. that's what exams are.
I hate being told
that's just how things are.
But if it's a spell nobody's tried before.
It might fail.
You do it so that it works.
That's crazy--
You can learn from your failures.
They can become your strength.
I know someone who learns that way.
You should do what you want. Richeh.
It's none of my business.
I don't need you to tell me that. Agott.
What's that sound? Water?
I…
I'm told by my master every day.
"You'll never be able."
"You can't do it."
I believe him.
That's why I studied how others do things.
But it still didn't work.
Because this is Romonon.
This path
was created to keep out
those who weren't chosen to begin with.
Coco. what's wrong?
Master Qifrey.
are there any other witches
around here today?
Kukrow left already.
so I don't think so. Why do you ask?
I thought I saw someone
in a robe over there.
Of course no one would be here.
Yes! I'm coming!
The water's flowing down.
But halfway through.
it starts falling in a strange direction.
If the path is broken.
then the seals on the underside
of those stones won't work either.
We have to find a way to cross.
The seal only affects you
while you're standing on the stones.
So we just extend the stones all the way
to the path over there.
Like this.
She's staying on the stone ribbon?
See?
If something can't be done.
then you just change it so it can.
You may be on to something.
Oh. watch out!
At that rate…
A combination of recreation
and repetition magic.
The range is limited. but it worked.
Agott!
It's fine!
I can't draw carefully under a cloak.
so it doesn't last and fades immediately.
I've still got a long way to go.
I need to work a lot harder.
That wasn't too bad.
A piece of cake.
You're up next. aren't you?
I…
I can't do it!
I'm not cut out for this!
I don't have talent. courage. confidence.
aptitude. or even a special skill!
The path is crumbling.
I don't even have luck!
I know I'm gonna fail again!
Oh. come on.
You've been showing off your analysis
and knowledge from the start.
What's the point. if you don't use
your experience of trying it twice?
Just draw something.
A sound spell?
A rain spell to make a puddle?
Those are spells for areas
we've already passed!
You need something new to get across.
I can't.
What?
I…
I can't stop my hands from shaking.
Whenever I've had to draw
in front of other people.
I've never managed to do it right.
If I think someone is watching.
I start sweating. My hand slips.
I shake. My lines go crooked.
Every spell turns out terrible.
I want to fix it.
but I don't know how.
And… when people see me
panicking and trembling.
it only gets worse.
So this time.
I studied ahead. I prepared.
I drew all the "correct" spells
I thought I might need in advance.
I can still focus when I'm by myself.
And there's no rule against bringing
a palm quire.
Then all I'd have to do
is close the ring to activate it.
I thought maybe this way.
I could look competent.
But I never expected the path
to be broken.
I got punished for not doing things
the right way.
Why am I always like this?
You said you wanted to be yourself.
But me? If I could. I'd stop being me.
I'd rather be someone other than me.
This exam
is meant to test whether you can
use magic without being discovered.
even in front of the Outsiders.
Sorry. but by the looks of things.
I doubt he'd ever pass.
You can do it.
You can do it as Euini.
You had the answer already.
Didn't you notice?
If you can focus when you're alone.
then just make yourself alone now!
What?
Huh? What?
But how?
However you need to!
Magic can stretch stone.
It can make it rain.
So it ought to be able to make a room
where you can be alone too.
But I can't draw that spell…
Then do it without magic!
What?
Don't spring something so crazy on me…
I…
You--
Don't interfere.
I hate this. This is the worst!
How pathetic can I be?
That this was what I came up with.
It's so pathetic I could cry.
Those girls must be fed up with me.
Maybe they're laughing.
From the outside. I must look ridiculous.
Just imagining myself.
I'd think I was ridiculous too.
Even the master must be disappointed.
No one's laughing.
No one's fed up or laughing.
No one's making fun of me.
No one but myself.
Just find a way to do it. huh?
I see.
The only one casting a curse
saying I can't
is me. who I see in the mirror.
The mirror…
Here.
No. here.
The seal on the Mirror Cloak
of Borrowshade…
It's not really a mirror.
but more an application of arrows
to conceal and reflect.
It hides the wearer by turning them
into a "shadow."
then projects the image of a giant beast
reflected in the scales.
Amazing.
There are multiple layers of spells
woven together.
But if that's the case.
then maybe I can…
What's wrong?
Euini?
Stay there.
I'll put up a Wind Wall.
Is it a Romonon trap?
Or some unknown ancient spell?
I'm fine!
This is my spell.
Euini!
You!
What did you do to the cloak?
When I went inside.
I could see the seal
on the Mirror Cloak of Borrowshade.
so I erased the part for the "mirror"
and turned it into a cloak
that only "borrows shadows."
This way. I can stay hidden
in the darkness and keep drawing.
The myrphon won't see me either.
It does make it harder
to bring them along.
but I have a sound spell
that mimics their calls.
As long as they don't realize I'm human.
right?
Technically. I suppose.
If I can hide myself. then I'll be alone.
I can focus. I don't have to be afraid
of people watching.
I thought maybe I could draw this way.
I know doing it this way
is kind of embarrassing.
but maybe…
this is who I am.
Do you still hate yourself?
No.
Not as much.
Next time. don't be so quick
to say it's impossible.
You're not hopeless at all. Euini.
I probably will though.
But I'll do my best not to stop there.
Um!
Thank you. Richeh.
I thought you weren't interested
in other people.
Euini helped me in the beginning.
Now we're even.
Besides.
to want to do something
and not be able to.
I know what that feels like.
Of course you hate
that version of yourself.
That's why you can grow.
I'm going to become more than I am now.
There's no way I could love
my still immature self.
Exams are for you to know yourself.
The path may have one route.
but everyone draws
their magic differently.
Each person has to find their own way
and decide how they'll walk it.
And you keep repeating the process.
See? Exams aren't so bad. are they?
But…
Master Qifrey tricked me
into taking the exam.
I'm not forgiving him until he apologizes.
He's already at one Mad-Richeh point.
Mad-Richeh point?
Speaking of Qifrey.
hasn't he been kind of--
- Master Alaira!
A Brimmed Cap?!
A Brimmed Cap?
Listen. all of you! Don't listen to a word
the Brimmed Caps say!
Don't let them deceive you!
Run as fast as you can!
Forbidden magic is--
Ms. Alaira…
Subtitle translation by: Emily Noguchi
EPISODE 13
FORBIDDEN MAGIC
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm